docs: provide warning on Amazon Linux 2023 installations (#24835)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/install-linux.mdx

  # $ sudo dnf install teleport
  ```

  <Admonition type="warning" title="Amazon Linux 2023 Installations">

>   Amazon Linux 2023 installations should utilize the Tarball installation or

Reviewer: "install" appears 4 times in this sentence.
```suggestion
  Amazon Linux 2023 users should utilize the tarball or RPM file to install Teleport.
```

Author: thanks @zmb3 , applied that and updated the following sentence.
